https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3382--ansible/automation changes (#4796)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/ansible_config_cluster.adoc

{mce-short} is integrated with {aap} so that you can create prehook and posthook Ansible job instances that occur before or after creating or upgrading your clusters. Configuring prehook and posthook jobs for cluster destroy, and cluster scale actions are not supported.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

* <<prerequisites-for-ansible-integration-cluster,Prerequisites>>
* <<ansible-template-run-cluster-console,Configuring an Automation template to run on a cluster by using the console>>
* <<ansible-template-create,Creating an Automation template>>
* <<ansible-status-job-cluster,Viewing the status of an Ansible job>>

[#prerequisites-for-ansible-integration-cluster]
== Prerequisites

You must meet the following prerequisites to run Automation templates on your clusters:

* {ocp-short} 4.6 or later

* Install the {aap-short} Resource Operator to connect Ansible jobs to the lifecycle of Git subscriptions. For best results when using the Automation template to launch {aap-short} jobs, the {aap-short} job template should be idempotent when it is run. You can find the {aap-short} Resource Operator in the {ocp-short} _OperatorHub_. 

[#ansible-template-run-cluster-console]

> == Configuring an _Ansible job_ template to run on a cluster by using the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring an _Automation_ template to run on a cluster by using the console
```
